### Hello, My name is Colin. 
I'm a software developer from Ontario, Canada who specializes in Python development. Below you will see a few pinned repositories, these are my favourite projects I've worked on and are good examples of the code I am capable of writing.

#### Current favourite project
Currently, my most advanced and interesting project is the discord moderation bot I am working on. It uses class loading to allow a user to make the bot their own. Simply adding python scripts to a folder with some basic command or event handler classes allows the user to add to the bot without even restarting the program!

The event handlers are added to the main script using python "reflection" and some clever techniques that enable my code to be an order of magnitude smaller compared to implementing event functions for every event. It takes some info provided by the handler class and [creates a new function in the main instance](https://github.com/Column01/Discord-Moderation-Bot/blob/master/event_registry.py#L63-L94) using a [template](https://github.com/Column01/Discord-Moderation-Bot/blob/master/bot.py#L46-L56) that is named `on_<event>`. This allows the code to lookup the event handlers for a given event and forward it on to all subscribed listeners for them to handle. Effectively 41 lines of code can handle what could have been upwards of thousands of lines of code to implement all the events and is completely future proof. When new events are added, I don't even need to write any new code to handle their addition.
